Update index.md (#23842)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/django/deployment/index.md

Create the file `Procfile` (with no file extension) in the root of your GitHub repo and copy/paste in the following text:

```plain
web: python manage.py migrate && python manage.py collectstatic && gunicorn locallibrary.wsgi
```

The `web:` prefix tells Railway that this is a web process and can be sent HTTP traffic.
We then call the command Django migration command `python manage.py migrate` to set up the database tables.

> Next, we call the Django command `python manage.py collectstatic` to collect static files into the folder defined by the `STATIC_ROOT` project setting (to be discussed later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we call the Django command `python manage.py collectstatic` to collect static files into the folder defined by the `STATIC_ROOT` project setting (see the section [serving static files in production](#serving_static_files_in_production) below).
```
